As a child, I dreamed of becoming a ballerina.
I trained as a ballet dancer from childhood.
I was taught to give complete obedience to the artistic director,
absolute loyalty to the dance company,
and to put ballet before everything else in my life.
I finally realized there's no way to get ahead in this world
without compromise.
It just can't be done.
Such a life is empty and unsatisfying.
Problem is, once you get into that,
because you get lulled in by that glamour and glitz,
now down the road when you finally see the trap
and what you got into, it's very hard to get out.
And I always tell young people,
you know, it doesn't matter how good everything seems,
it doesn't matter how great there's always a string attached, always.
And then one day, you're going to wake up and it's a rope.
And you can't cut a rope that easily.
Meaning you can't get out of this situation once Satan has you trapped in it.
And it happens without you even realizing it.
Ballet is discipline.
And I had to figure out a way to take that skill
and transfer it into my everyday life.
Took some time, but I finally figured it out,
because it's not a waste, it's good.
But what I had to learn was to get out of my comfort zone.
We were in Bethel until 1987.
Jack had a job lined up when we left Bethel,
and that was good.
I couldn't get a job because of my physical health issues.
So I probably was in bed about five months.
Eventually, I started feeling better,
and that's when I realized how bad the medical bills were getting.
I just dragged myself out of bed and went and looked for a part-time job.
Obviously, through all of this,
Jack and I just kept praying we knew Jehovah would take care of us.
No question about that.
Eventually, I did get a job.
At a law firm, it was a good job.
I actually lasted there 30 years.
Absolutely, Jehovah blessed me.
And I believe what he was blessing were my efforts.
I didn't quit, and I refused to compromise.
When I started seeing that I was really learning this new skill
and I was getting good at it,
that's when I sat down in a civil Jehovah.
I have this new skill.
I want to be able to use it for you.
One thing led to another,
and I became a commuter Bethelite for the legal department.
I'd say about 11 years after I had left Bethel,
I was working all of a sudden.
I got sick again.
Same thing.
Complete rapid loss of weight.
All the weakness came back.
I was eventually diagnosed as having celiac disease.
So once I changed my diet, I just started getting better or better.
I stayed with the law firm until 2014,
and then my husband and I retired and moved to another part of the country.
And now, currently, I'm a remote Bethel consultant.
Slave for the world really are a slave.
If you slave for Jehovah, in my opinion,
you're not slaving at all.
You couldn't have a better partnership than you and Jehovah.
And that's how I view it.
And you're never going to experience Jehovah to the full,
unless you put yourself out there for him to use.
I've had a wonderful life of extraordinary spiritual privileges.
There's no career in the world that is ever going to come close to that.